---
layout: post
title: "Plans January 13, 2021"
subtitle: ""
date: 2021-01-13 11:08:13 -0400
categories: mkdocs
permalink: plans-January-13-2021
---
**Thoughts for today**

Couple of things I want to add for today. I want to add my mkdocs stuff to the terryinfcco.com website. Either by putting on the hostinger vps or by putting it on github and linking to it.

Also I want to settle on a blogging platform. I’m actually seriously considering laying out what I want the blog to look like and then writing HTML and CSS templates to make that happen.

Finally I’m thinking about installing a LTS vanilla ubuntu and running QEMU/KVM stuff under it that I work with regularly. That way I think I can do snapshots and be safe while working with newer software. Just something I’m thinking about.

**January 12, 2021**
Back to the WordPress Blog. I’ve added a link to this in the index.html file on terryinfcco.com. And I don’t like writing posts this way. I like markdown and I’m probably going back to jekyll on github pages.

**Where I am**
So I’ve got the beginnings of a website on my vps terryinfcco.com, and as long as I’ve got this shared hosting site, why not install wordpress and use this as a blog.

Right now terryinfcco.com has a tiddlywiki node js installation and a dokuwiki installation. I was fooling with jekyll for a blog but this is just easier. My biggest worry is how to back it up so that I can recover it at some point. Because you know I’m going to fool around and it will be FUBAR’d.